Is it time for you to keep your promise?
Isn't there one more thing you haven't done?
Heart of the Ocean will be delivered soon.
I've already won this contract, this top floor
Just a heart of the ocean
I will not be able to do it.
Come on, let's get engaged
Marry my woman, you Ye Chen is also worthy
Who said that the top floor of this Oriental Pearl is yours?
Who said you took on this offshore development project?
Finally here
What are you doing here?
I will marry you
Don't play with me!
I'm just a tool for your current pursuit
Su Yizawa
Ruoxue
My heart
You'll see.
Time will tell
Su
What are you doing to kiss my fiancee in public?
full
Everyone in the elves knows that Ruoxue is my fiancée
What kind of thing is Ye Chen?
Ruoxue bet me
If I do three things, he'll marry me.
Even a bet
You have also lost